It occurred to me that this lie could be true.
Ben Huangzi was also accused of speculating on electricity.
Xinhuang aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
We have found out the identity of the student. Tell me.
The student’s true identity
The former princess
He only previewed yellow collaborations first
It was for the Qing Palace to kill Huang Sheng four times
Why three misses?
He betrayed and turned yellow
Transferred to cooperate with Chu Feng
Ha ha ha ha
Strike out here
I can create the right place
Go tell me I am
I was left in a situation where I was left
and let them
Choose Jingong Yangan Zhengzhi is
Difanganzhufang ah
Let's see you this time
How can it be more guaranteed?
Not to mention the position of prince
Even if it’s the whole of Daxing
Everyone must be mine